The site is proposed to be a dynamic website for a healthcare provider firm in which several hospitals
are managed. This site will provide easy and instant information/quotes to the patients as per
modules. Various functionalities like Assessments and reports about their healthcare, etc. would be
seen by the parents on the site. The site will have an attractive Front end for the Visitors and the
Back end for administration of the site.


Features:

The Users will be the patients or their family members who seek hospital admissions. The
The following features will be provided for them.


1. Browse Hospitals:

Users will be able to browse the hospitals provided by the healthcare provider firm (website). Along
with they will be able to browse their Photo Gallery and download the Price List and the online tour of
the various wards and services provided like MRI, ICUs, hospice wards, etc.


2. Instant Quotes:

Users will be able to get the online quote instantly through the tool available on the site.

Alternatively, the User will also have a form to fill in his request for a quote.


3. Assessments & Reports:

Users will be able to view the assessments and reports online. This will be a static link to a website
on which various reports, etc. are uploaded.


4. Online Payments of Outstanding Invoices:

For this, patient registrations and family/guardian logins will be compulsory. Also the admin will have to feed the data regarding the fees of the patient. Based on this, the invoices, etc. will be viewed.

Hospital Management

Add ⁄ Modify ⁄ Delete ⁄ View ⁄ Search Hospitals
Add ⁄ Modify ⁄ Delete ⁄ View Hospital Images
Add ⁄ Modify ⁄ Delete ⁄ View Online tour for Hospitals.

Patient Management (Subject to the query above if this is required)

Add ⁄ Modify ⁄ Delete ⁄ View ⁄ Search Patients
Add ⁄ Modify ⁄ Delete ⁄ View ⁄ SearchTests
Add ⁄ Modify ⁄ Delete ⁄ View ⁄ Search Reports

Instant Quote inquiries Management

Add ⁄ Modify ⁄ Delete ⁄ View Insta Quote inquiries made on the site
